App Information
This information is used for all platforms of this app. Any changes will be released with your next app version.

Save
Localizable Information
English (U.K.)
?
Name
?
Thats my Dog!
17

Subtitle
?
30

General Information
Bundle ID
?
com.onjjem.canineencyclopedia

SKU
?
whatsupp_dog

Apple ID
?
6771118261

Content Rights
?
Edit
No, this app does not contain, show, or access third-party content.

License Agreement
?
Edit
Apple’s Standard License Agreement

Primary Language
?
English (U.K.)

Category
?

Photo & Video

Secondary (optional)
Age Ratings
App Age Ratings

Edit
View Details
Users will only see the age rating that applies to their country or region on the App Store.

4+
173 countries or regions

Brazil

All
Korea, Republic of

Age Suitability URL
?
–

Operating Systems Earlier than Version 26

Global rating of 4+ with regional exceptions

View Details
App Encryption Documentation

Specify your use of encryption in Xcode by adding the App Uses Non-Exempt Encryption key to your app's Info.plist file with a Boolean value that indicates whether your app uses encryption. Learn More

You're required to provide documentation if your app contains any of the following:

Encryption algorithms that are proprietary or not accepted as standard by international standard bodies (IEEE, IETF, ITU, etc.)
Standard encryption algorithms instead of, or in addition to, using or accessing the encryption within Apple's operating system
You can provide your documentation before you submit a build.

Upload
App Store Regulations & Permits
Digital Services Act
This developer has identified itself as a non-trader for this app. Edit

China Mainland ICP Filing Number
An Internet Content Provider (ICP) Filing Number is an app registration number from China's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT). If you have an ICP Filing Number, provide it here. Learn More

Set Up

Vietnam Game License
If your game is available on the App Store in Vietnam, you can add a game license as required by Vietnamese regulators. Learn More

Add
Regulated Medical Devices
If your app is in the Medical or Health and Fitness categories, or if you selected “frequent” for “Medical or Treatment Information” in the App Store Connect age rating questionnaire, you need to declare whether it functions as a regulated medical device to keep distributing on the App Store in certain regions. Learn More

Declare Regulated Medical Device

App Store Server Notifications
App Store server notifications provide information about key events related to your in-app purchases. To test notifications before implementing them in production, you can set up a separate sandbox server URL. Learn More

Production Server URL
Set Up URL

Sandbox Server URL
Set Up URL

App-Specific Shared Secret
The app-specific shared secret is a unique code to receive receipts for only this app’s auto-renewable subscriptions. You may want to use an app-specific shared secret if you’re transferring this app to another developer, or if you want to keep your primary shared secret private.

Manage

