Apple2026-05-30 6:15 PM


Review Environment
Submission ID: c26bbf27-4233-48a9-a9b6-570057340e49
Review date: May 30, 2026
Review Device: iPhone 17 Pro Max
Version reviewed: 1.0 (36)

Guideline 2.3.3 - Performance - Accurate Metadata
Issue Description

The 6.5-inch iPhone and 13-inch iPad screenshots do not show the actual app in use in the majority of the screenshots. Screenshots should highlight the app's core concept to help users understand the app’s functionality and value. 

Next Steps

Upload new screenshots that resolve the issues identified above and accurately reflect the app in use on each of the supported devices.

Note some screenshots may only be viewed and updated by selecting "View All Sizes in Media Manager" in the Previews and Screenshots section of App Store Connect.

Resources

Follow these general requirements when adding or updating screenshots:

- Marketing or promotional materials that do not reflect the UI of the app are not appropriate for screenshots.
- The majority of the screenshots should highlight the app's main features and functionality. Note that splash and login screens are generally not considered to show the app in use.

Learn more about creating great screenshots for your product page on the App Store or how to upload screenshots in App Store Connect.
Guideline 2.1(a) - Performance - App Completeness
Issue Description

The app exhibited one or more bugs that would negatively impact users.

Bug description: Specifically, an error message is displayed when restore photo.

Review device details:

- Device type: iPhone 17 Pro Max 
- OS version: iOS 26.5
- Internet Connection: Active

Next Steps

Test the app on supported devices to identify and resolve bugs and stability issues before submitting for review.

If the bug cannot be reproduced, try the following:

- For new apps, uninstall all previous versions of the app from a device, then install and follow the steps to reproduce.
- For app updates, install the new version as an update to the previous version, then follow the steps to reproduce.

Note that users expect apps they download to function on all the devices where they are available. For example, apps that may be downloaded onto iPad devices should function as expected for iPad users. 

Resources

- For information about testing apps and preparing them for review, see Testing a Release Build.
- To learn about troubleshooting networking issues, see Networking Overview.


Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Request an App Review Appointment at Meet with Apple to discuss your app's review. Appointments subject to availability during your local business hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.

Request a phone call from App Review

At your request, we can arrange for an Apple Representative to call you within the next three to five business days to discuss your App Review issue.

Request a call to discuss your app's review
Reply to App Review

Date Submitted
May 29, 2026 at 11:50 PM
Submission ID
c26bbf27-4233-48a9-a9b6-570057340e49
Submitted By
owen skeffington
Last Updated By
Apple
Cancel Submission
App Store Connect
Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.